Welcome to Step 9 in terms of the what why and how of Sept. 9 are kicked off of the what.
What are we going to learn if applicable.
We will discuss how your sales force or your sales process is set up including how to motivate your
sales personnel through commissions etc..
We'll discuss other topics too like if you need employees to have a government certified registration
like you do on Wall Street or in the health care sector for example.
We will also discuss your lead generation strategy meaning how do we get new potential customers.
In addition we're going to talk about your social media strategy and more detail your off line media
strategy meaning radio TV or newspaper trade shows etc. can that sort of thing and you'll see that I've
included a few large green shaded boxes that's at that ask us to consider how to use social media to
become a thought leader and how to write linked in articles and how to make an online video as well
as you know how to write a book to give to your potential customers.
When you meet them and also how to think about creating a Web site how to get the best quality business
cards and how to get professional brochures and other content made for you at a low low price online.
Also we're going to talk about how to make a great logo.
And I provide links to a lot of videos that I have made on the aforementioned topics in the resources
part of the toolbar right here.
And we can also analyze how our competitors market stuff online and offline.
OK now let's move on to why why are we spending time even discussing how to create online content like
articles or videos because it's free advertising for you.
And if you become a thought leader which I know you can in your industry then it's goal from a marketing
perspective.
I'm going to teach you you know how to how to create online content.
I have a blog.
And if you want here's a link here in the resources part of the menu here to see how to log on line.
And there's another resource here to teach you how to create articles.
I use that my own ink column online and my editor taught me how to write like a journalist and I want
to show you as well.
I have a video for that as well.
OK.
So if you're thought of as a thought leader and you write often and you create contents then it's so
much easier to sell your product or your service.
Now we know why entrepreneurs like to group sales and marketing together in business in general and
in business plans.
OK lastly.
How are we going to complete Step 9 well we're going to click on our inputs analysis button as always
and answer the questions.
And of course some of the questions are optional optional.
Then if we click on the outputs button we see that your sales and marketing portion of your business
plan is automatically created for you.
And you'll notice they included this checkbox here.
In case you want to turn off the sales force structure fields in your output for Step 9.
Thanks.